README.asciidoc, before:

= PHP CompatInfo

**PHP CompatInfo** is a library that
can find the minimum version and the extensions required for a piece of code to run.

It is distributed as source code (install via composer) and a PHAR version
that bundles all dependencies in a single file.

Follow development on the http://php5.laurent-laville.org/compatinfo/blog[official Blog].

Have a look on https://github.com/llaville/php-compat-info/tree/4.5[branch 4.5] for previous stable API 4.x

CAUTION: Branch 4.5 will not accept any more any feature requests.

CAUTION: Branch 5.0 will not accept any more any feature requests.

== Requirements

PHP 5.5.0 or above.

== Install

You can either :

* download the phar version http://bartlett.laurent-laville.org/get/phpcompatinfo-5.0.12.phar[5.0.12]
* install via https://packagist.org/packages/bartlett/php-compatinfo/[packagist] the current source dev-master

== Documentation

The documentation for PHP CompatInfo 5.0
in http://php5.laurent-laville.org/compatinfo/manual/5.0/en/[English]
is available online or downloadable offline to read it later (multiple formats available).

AsciiDoc source code is available on `docs` folder of the repository.

== Contribute

Contributions to source code and its documentation are always welcome.

== Authors

* Laurent Laville (current lead developer)
* Thanks to https://github.com/dshafik[Davey Shafik].
  He introduced his http://pear.php.net/pepr/pepr-proposal-show.php?id=27[proposal] in 2004,
  that gave birth of a http://pear.php.net/package/PHP_CompatInfo[PEAR package] named PHP_CompatInfo.
* Thanks also to Remi Collet, a contributor of first hours.

== License

This handler is licensed under the BSD-3-clauses License - see the `LICENSE` file for details

Commit message:

a note for PHP5 users only

README.asciidoc, after:

= PHP CompatInfo

**PHP CompatInfo** is a library that
can find the minimum version and the extensions required for a piece of code to run.

It is distributed as source code (install via composer) and a PHAR version
that bundles all dependencies in a single file.

Follow development on the http://php5.laurent-laville.org/compatinfo/blog[official Blog].

Have a look on https://github.com/llaville/php-compat-info/tree/4.5[branch 4.5] for previous stable API 4.x

CAUTION: Branch 4.5 will not accept any more any feature requests.

CAUTION: Branch 5.0 will not accept any more any feature requests.

== Requirements

PHP 5.5.0 or above.

== Install

You can either :

* download the phar version http://bartlett.laurent-laville.org/get/phpcompatinfo-5.0.12.phar[5.0.12]
* install via https://packagist.org/packages/bartlett/php-compatinfo/[packagist] the current source dev-master

== PHP5 users only

Remove `composer.lock` to be able to install correct dependencies.

Content of this file in repository if for PHP7 users.

== Documentation

The documentation for PHP CompatInfo 5.0
in http://php5.laurent-laville.org/compatinfo/manual/5.0/en/[English]
is available online or downloadable offline to read it later (multiple formats available).

AsciiDoc source code is available on `docs` folder of the repository.

== Contribute

Contributions to source code and its documentation are always welcome.

== Authors

* Laurent Laville (current lead developer)
* Thanks to https://github.com/dshafik[Davey Shafik].
  He introduced his http://pear.php.net/pepr/pepr-proposal-show.php?id=27[proposal] in 2004,
  that gave birth of a http://pear.php.net/package/PHP_CompatInfo[PEAR package] named PHP_CompatInfo.
* Thanks also to Remi Collet, a contributor of first hours.

== License

This handler is licensed under the BSD-3-clauses License - see the `LICENSE` file for details
