README.markdown, before:

PHP_CompatInfo
==============

**PHP_CompatInfo** is a library that 
find out the minimum version and the extensions required for a piece of code to run.

Installation
------------

See the PHP_CompatInfo [Install Guide](http://php5.laurent-laville.org/compatinfo/manual/current/en/INSTALL.html). 


Documentation
-------------

The documentation for PHP_CompatInfo is available in different formats:

* [English, multiple HTML files](http://php5.laurent-laville.org/compatinfo/manual/current/en/phpci-book.chunked/index.html)
* [English, single HTML file](http://php5.laurent-laville.org/compatinfo/manual/current/en/phpci-book.html)
* [English, PDF-A4](http://php5.laurent-laville.org/compatinfo/manual/current/en/phpci-book-a4.pdf)
* [English, PDF-US](http://php5.laurent-laville.org/compatinfo/manual/current/en/phpci-book-us.pdf)
* [English, CHM](http://php5.laurent-laville.org/compatinfo/manual/current/en/phpci-book.chm.zip)
* [English, EPUB](http://php5.laurent-laville.org/compatinfo/manual/current/en/phpci-book.epub)

Commit message:

add link to official blog

README.markdown, after:

PHP_CompatInfo
==============

**PHP_CompatInfo** is a library that
find out the minimum version and the extensions required for a piece of code to run.

Installation
------------

See the PHP_CompatInfo [Install Guide](http://php5.laurent-laville.org/compatinfo/manual/current/en/INSTALL.html).


Documentation
-------------

The documentation for PHP_CompatInfo is available in different formats:

* [English, multiple HTML files](http://php5.laurent-laville.org/compatinfo/manual/current/en/phpci-book.chunked/index.html)
* [English, single HTML file](http://php5.laurent-laville.org/compatinfo/manual/current/en/phpci-book.html)
* [English, PDF-A4](http://php5.laurent-laville.org/compatinfo/manual/current/en/phpci-book-a4.pdf)
* [English, PDF-US](http://php5.laurent-laville.org/compatinfo/manual/current/en/phpci-book-us.pdf)
* [English, CHM](http://php5.laurent-laville.org/compatinfo/manual/current/en/phpci-book.chm.zip)
* [English, EPUB](http://php5.laurent-laville.org/compatinfo/manual/current/en/phpci-book.epub)


Stay Tuned
----------

Read the [official Blog](http://php5.laurent-laville.org/compatinfo/blog/) to see what is new on this project.
