docs/migration-guide--cli.asciidoc, before:

= CLI
:description: Command-Line Interface
include::revision.asciidoc[]
include::attributes.asciidoc[]
:iconsfont:   font-awesome
:jumbotron:
:jumbotron-fullwidth:
:footer:
:footer-fullwidth:


== References

If we want to display list of references supported, here is how to do with both versions :

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo list-references
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo reference:list
----

Now, if you want to details each reference one by one identified by its name (+<REF>+ in following examples), and got :

* Extensions

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo list --reference=ALL extensions
or
$ phpcompatinfo list-extensions --reference=ALL
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo reference:list
----

unfloat::[]

* Interfaces

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo list --reference=ALL interfaces <REF>
or
$ phpcompatinfo list-interfaces --reference=ALL <REF>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo reference:show --interfaces <REF>
----

unfloat::[]

* Classes

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo list --reference=ALL classes <REF>
or
$ phpcompatinfo list-classes --reference=ALL <REF>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo reference:show --classes <REF>
----

unfloat::[]

* Functions

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo list --reference=ALL functions <REF>
or
$ phpcompatinfo list-functions --reference=ALL <REF>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo reference:show --functions <REF>
----

unfloat::[]

* Constants

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo list --reference=ALL constants <REF>
or
$ phpcompatinfo list-constants --reference=ALL <REF>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo reference:show --constants <REF>
----

unfloat::[]

* INI entries

[role="col-md-6"]
====
CAUTION: Feature not provided by version [label label-success]#2.26#
====

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo reference:show --ini <REF>
----

unfloat::[]

And if you want to filter results on PHP version, do for example :

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo list --reference=ALL classes <REF> --filter-version="php_5.1.0" --filter-operator="ge"
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo reference:show --classes <REF> --php=">= 5.1.0"
----

== Print parses results

Where +<SOURCE>+ identify the data source, directly in [label label-primary]#CompatInfo# 2.26,
and via the JSON configuration file in version 3.2

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo print --reference=ALL --recursive <SOURCE>
or
$ phpcompatinfo print --reference=ALL --recursive --report summary <SOURCE>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo analyser:run <SOURCE>
or
$ phpcompatinfo analyser:run <SOURCE> summary
----

unfloat::[]

And with additionals reports :

* extension

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo print --reference=ALL --recursive --report extension <SOURCE>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo analyser:run <SOURCE> extension
----

unfloat::[]

* namespace

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo print --reference=ALL --recursive --report namespace <SOURCE>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo analyser:run <SOURCE> namespace
----

unfloat::[]

* trait

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo print --reference=ALL --recursive --report trait <SOURCE>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo analyser:run <SOURCE> trait
----

unfloat::[]

* interface

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo print --reference=ALL --recursive --report interface <SOURCE>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo analyser:run <SOURCE> interface
----

unfloat::[]

* class

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo print --reference=ALL --recursive --report class <SOURCE>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo analyser:run <SOURCE> class
----

unfloat::[]

* function

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo print --reference=ALL --recursive --report function <SOURCE>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo analyser:run <SOURCE> function
----

unfloat::[]

* constant

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo print --reference=ALL --recursive --report constant <SOURCE>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo analyser:run <SOURCE> constant
----

unfloat::[]

* global

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo print --reference=ALL --recursive --report global <SOURCE>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
====
CAUTION: Feature not provided by version [label label-primary]#3.2#
====

unfloat::[]

* condition

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo print --reference=ALL --recursive --report condition <SOURCE>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
====
CAUTION: Feature not provided by version [label label-primary]#3.2#
====

unfloat::[]

* token

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo print --reference=ALL --recursive --report token <SOURCE>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
====
CAUTION: Feature not provided by version [label label-primary]#3.2#
====

unfloat::[]

* xml

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo print --reference=ALL --recursive --report xml <SOURCE>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
====
CAUTION: Feature not provided by version [label label-primary]#3.2#
====

unfloat::[]

* source

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo -v print --reference=ALL --report source <SOURCE>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo provider:display <SOURCE>
----

== Caching results

CAUTION: Version [label label-success]#2.26# always cache results to speed-up later analysis. 
Version [label label-primary]#3.2# is able (optionally) to cache results only with other SAPI than CLI.

Commit message:

note about the progress bar

docs/migration-guide--cli.asciidoc, after:

= CLI
:description: Command-Line Interface
include::revision.asciidoc[]
include::attributes.asciidoc[]
:iconsfont:   font-awesome
:jumbotron:
:jumbotron-fullwidth:
:footer:
:footer-fullwidth:


== Progress Bar

Since version [label label-success]#2.12#, there is a new progress bar (ALA PHPUnit).
----
PHP_CompatInfo 2.12.0 by Laurent Laville

....CC......................................................  60 / 128 ( 46%)
....C..C..........................................C....C.... 120 / 128 ( 93%)
.C.....C
----
* each `C` character tell us that there is a source file with conditional code.


With version [label label-primary]#3.2#, the progress bar (ALA Symfony Console Progress Helper)
is activated with the first verbose level (+-v+).
For example :
----
$ phpcompatinfo -v analyser:run <SOURCE>
----

Renders
----
    3/128 [>---------------------------]   0% Elapsed: 2 secs
----

== References

If we want to display list of references supported, here is how to do with both versions :

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo list-references
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo reference:list
----

Now, if you want to details each reference one by one identified by its name (+<REF>+ in following examples), and got :

* Extensions

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo list --reference=ALL extensions
or
$ phpcompatinfo list-extensions --reference=ALL
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo reference:list
----

unfloat::[]

* Interfaces

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo list --reference=ALL interfaces <REF>
or
$ phpcompatinfo list-interfaces --reference=ALL <REF>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo reference:show --interfaces <REF>
----

unfloat::[]

* Classes

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo list --reference=ALL classes <REF>
or
$ phpcompatinfo list-classes --reference=ALL <REF>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo reference:show --classes <REF>
----

unfloat::[]

* Functions

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo list --reference=ALL functions <REF>
or
$ phpcompatinfo list-functions --reference=ALL <REF>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo reference:show --functions <REF>
----

unfloat::[]

* Constants

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo list --reference=ALL constants <REF>
or
$ phpcompatinfo list-constants --reference=ALL <REF>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo reference:show --constants <REF>
----

unfloat::[]

* INI entries

[role="col-md-6"]
====
CAUTION: Feature not provided by version [label label-success]#2.26#
====

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo reference:show --ini <REF>
----

unfloat::[]

And if you want to filter results on PHP version, do for example :

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo list --reference=ALL classes <REF> --filter-version="php_5.1.0" --filter-operator="ge"
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo reference:show --classes <REF> --php=">= 5.1.0"
----

== Print parses results

Where +<SOURCE>+ identify the data source, directly in [label label-primary]#CompatInfo# 2.26,
and via the JSON configuration file in version 3.2

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo print --reference=ALL --recursive <SOURCE>
or
$ phpcompatinfo print --reference=ALL --recursive --report summary <SOURCE>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo analyser:run <SOURCE>
or
$ phpcompatinfo analyser:run <SOURCE> summary
----

unfloat::[]

And with additionals reports :

* extension

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo print --reference=ALL --recursive --report extension <SOURCE>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo analyser:run <SOURCE> extension
----

unfloat::[]

* namespace

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo print --reference=ALL --recursive --report namespace <SOURCE>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo analyser:run <SOURCE> namespace
----

unfloat::[]

* trait

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo print --reference=ALL --recursive --report trait <SOURCE>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo analyser:run <SOURCE> trait
----

unfloat::[]

* interface

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo print --reference=ALL --recursive --report interface <SOURCE>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo analyser:run <SOURCE> interface
----

unfloat::[]

* class

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo print --reference=ALL --recursive --report class <SOURCE>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo analyser:run <SOURCE> class
----

unfloat::[]

* function

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo print --reference=ALL --recursive --report function <SOURCE>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo analyser:run <SOURCE> function
----

unfloat::[]

* constant

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo print --reference=ALL --recursive --report constant <SOURCE>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo analyser:run <SOURCE> constant
----

unfloat::[]

* global

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo print --reference=ALL --recursive --report global <SOURCE>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
====
CAUTION: Feature not provided by version [label label-primary]#3.2#
====

unfloat::[]

* condition

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo print --reference=ALL --recursive --report condition <SOURCE>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
====
CAUTION: Feature not provided by version [label label-primary]#3.2#
====

unfloat::[]

* token

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo print --reference=ALL --recursive --report token <SOURCE>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
====
CAUTION: Feature not provided by version [label label-primary]#3.2#
====

unfloat::[]

* xml

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo print --reference=ALL --recursive --report xml <SOURCE>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
====
CAUTION: Feature not provided by version [label label-primary]#3.2#
====

unfloat::[]

* source

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-success]#2.26#
----
$ phpcompatinfo -v print --reference=ALL --report source <SOURCE>
----

[role="col-md-6"]
.Version [label label-primary]#3.2#
----
$ phpcompatinfo provider:display <SOURCE>
----

== Caching results

CAUTION: Version [label label-success]#2.26# always cache results to speed-up later analysis.
Version [label label-primary]#3.2# is able (optionally) to cache results only with other SAPI than CLI.
